requirements.md, before:

# _Journey_ with Discover

## Creators:

### Michaelangelo Eldridge, Numa Fatima, Joanne Porter, James Prevett

## 1. Project Scope

### Project Objective:

Create a budgeting assistant that helps people spend money wisely and caters to users’ needs and interests.

### Tasks:

-   Joanne Porter: Creating UI/UX of the assistant
-   Numa Fatima: Creating a flowchart of the process.
-   James Prevett: Developing framework of the assistant using HTML, Astro, TypeScript, and more.
-   Michaelangelo Eldridge: Collaborating and merging ideas for the assistant and updating of this document.

### Deliverables:

1. Brainstorming
2. Functional Design
3. Screen Design

#### In scope

-   Screen Development and User Interface Design
-   Saving user data and preferences in the database
-   Implementation of business logic for budgeting assistant
-   Integration/Functional testing

#### Out of scope:

-   Demo Project for demo purposes, not hosted anywhere
-   Implementing AI
-   No data validations, only accepting data from the users

## 2. Business Drivers

1. It is a necessity for all users and helping them understand financial literacy.
2. They can easily understand and use their financial budgeting plans.
3. Add-on benefit for the customers, bringing a better financial future to all of them.

## 3. Functional Requirements

1. The user logs in to their account on the website
2. The user registers for a new account on the website.
3. The user clicks on a new page to see all their transactions on their account
4. The user clicks on a new page to see their profile and all the data on it.
5. The admin(us) checks on the condition of the website.
6. The user clicks on a new page to add a transaction.
7. The user clicks on a new page to talk to the AI assistant to figure out its best plan.
8. The user sees their current budgeting plan on a new page.

## 4. Nonfunctional Requirements

1. "Open New Account" buttons are in sync with the website.
2. Transactions between different accounts for a user are connected and live.
3. Cloudflare keeps the users and their accounts secure.
4. When looking for a certain account's status, you can see their database by putting their ID in their link.

##5. References

-   [Astro](https://astro.build/)
-   [Draw.io](https://draw.io/)
-   [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/icons)
-   [MarkDown](https://markdownguide.org/)
-   [Shadowlord](https://noeldelgado.github.io/shadowlord/#8080d7)
-   [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

Commit message:

Adding dark mode to requirements doc

requirements.md, after:

# _Journey_ with Discover

## Creators:

### Michaelangelo Eldridge, Numa Fatima, Joanne Porter, James Prevett

## 1. Project Scope

### Project Objective:

Create a budgeting assistant that helps people spend money wisely and caters to users’ needs and interests.

### Tasks:

-   Joanne Porter: Creating UI/UX of the assistant
-   Numa Fatima: Creating a flowchart of the process.
-   James Prevett: Developing framework of the assistant using HTML, Astro, TypeScript, and more.
-   Michaelangelo Eldridge: Collaborating and merging ideas for the assistant and updating of this document.

### Deliverables:

1. Brainstorming
2. Functional Design
3. Screen Design

#### In scope

-   Screen Development and User Interface Design
-   Saving user data and preferences in the database
-   Implementation of business logic for budgeting assistant
-   Integration/Functional testing

#### Out of scope:

-   Demo Project for demo purposes, not hosted anywhere
-   Implementing AI
-   No data validations, only accepting data from the users

## 2. Business Drivers

1. It is a necessity for all users and helping them understand financial literacy.
2. They can easily understand and use their financial budgeting plans.
3. Add-on benefit for the customers, bringing a better financial future to all of them.

## 3. Functional Requirements

1. The user logs in to their account on the website
2. The user registers for a new account on the website.
3. The user clicks on a new page to see all their transactions on their account
4. The user clicks on a new page to see their profile and all the data on it.
5. The admin(us) checks on the condition of the website.
6. The user clicks on a new page to add a transaction.
7. The user clicks on a new page to talk to the AI assistant to figure out its best plan.
8. The user sees their current budgeting plan on a new page.
9. User is able to switch from light to dark mode and vice versa with a click of a button.

## 4. Nonfunctional Requirements

1. "Open New Account" buttons are in sync with the website.
2. Transactions between different accounts for a user are connected and live.
3. Cloudflare keeps the users and their accounts secure.
4. When looking for a certain account's status, you can see their database by putting their ID in their link.

##5. References

-   [Astro](https://astro.build/)
-   [Draw.io](https://draw.io/)
-   [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/icons)
-   [MarkDown](https://markdownguide.org/)
-   [Shadowlord](https://noeldelgado.github.io/shadowlord/#8080d7)
-   [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
